### what is the Key column when you run show table columns command?
you can have multiple rows with exactly the same data  but if you want all your data being uniquely identified you should add unique ID for each row to be identifier

### KEY TYPES:
- https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/sqlserver/different-types-of-sql-keys

#### Super Key:
Super key is a set of one or more than one keys that can be used to identify a record uniquely in a table. Example: Primary key, Unique key, Alternate key are a subset of Super Keys.

#### Candidate Key:
A Candidate Key is a set of one or more fields/columns that can identify a record uniquely in a table. There can be multiple Candidate Keys in one table. Each Candidate Key can work as Primary Key.

#### Primary Key:
Primary key is a set of one or more fields/columns of a table that uniquely identify a record in a database table. It can not accept null, duplicate values. Only one Candidate Key can be Primary Key.

#### Alternate Key:
An Alternate key is a key that can be work as a primary key. Basically, it is a candidate key that currently is not a primary key.

#### Composite/Compound Key:
Composite Key is a combination of more than one fields/columns of a table. It can be a Candidate key, Primary key.

#### Unique Key:
A unique key is a set of one or more fields/columns of a table that uniquely identify a record in a database table. It is like Primary key but it can accept only one null value and it can not have duplicate values

#### Forign Key:
A foreign key is a column which is known as Primary Key in the other table i.e. A Primary Key in a table can be referred to as a Foreign Key in another table.

## Create table with primary key
- CREATE TABLE <table_name>(pk INT NOT NULL , <column_1_name> <data_type>,<column_2_name> <data_type>, PRIMARY KEY (pk));

the above command will mark the pk column as PRI key in table.
the pk field can't be duplicated.

in a real application it would be a pain to give IDs by ourselves.
so you can auto increment it.

## Create table with auto incremented primary key
- CREATE TABLE <table_name>(pk INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT, <column_1_name> <data_type>,<column_2_name> <data_type>, PRIMARY KEY (pk));

the above command will add auto_increment into EXtra of the table.